Track number of valid samples inside Waveform and simplify interface. (#1083)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1083.md

> - Simplify interface of `time::Waveform` by storing and updating number of past time windows (and therefore valid samples) inside waveform. A newly created waveform only has a single valid sample, which is initialized as zero. `Waveform::store()` is used to write new data to the waveform. Calling `Waveform::moveToNextWindow()` will increase the counter for valid samples and archive old samples `_timeWindows`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simplified interface of `time::Waveform` by storing and updating number of past time windows (and therefore valid samples) inside waveform. A newly created waveform only has a single valid sample, which is initialized as zero. `Waveform::store()` is used to write new data to the waveform. Calling `Waveform::moveToNextWindow()` increases the counter for valid samples and archive old samples `_timeWindows`.
```
